Rahti1 templates (#2080)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: docs/cloud/rahti2/catalog-docs.md

![+Add](../img/rahti-catalog.png)

!!! Note "Rahti 1 templates in Rahti 2"

>     Most of the previous templates have been migrating to Helm Charts for Rahti 2. If you want to use a template from Rahti 1 on Rahti 2, you can find the repo at this [link](https://github.com/CSCfi/rahti-1-templates).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Most of the previous templates have been migrated to Helm Charts for Rahti 2. If you want to use a Rahti 1 template on Rahti 2, you can find the repo at this [link](https://github.com/CSCfi/rahti-1-templates).  
```
